content: Neo4j:Graph Visualisation
Luis Salvador
Pre-Sales Consultant, UK & Ireland
luis@neo4j.com

Visualisation needs

Visualizing Graphs in Neo4j
Neo4j Bloom
Out-of-the-box from Neo4j
Exclusively for Neo4j graphs
Focused on ad-hoc graph exploration needs
“Search first” exploration paradigm
For data analysts, data scientists and developers

Visualization Toolkits
3rd party e.g. Ogma, Keylines, vis.js, d3.js, sigma.js, yFiles
Custom app development or visualization embedding needs
Some are vendor supported
Some have Neo4j data hooks, others require development
Offer robust APIs for flexible control over the app experience
For developers who build apps
BI Tools
3rd party e.g. Tableau, Power BI, Qlik
Dashboard and report creation combining various data sources and many visualization types
Not optimized for graph data - need a special Neo4j connector
For data analysts and business users

Graph Visualization Apps
3rd party e.g. Linkurious, Kineviz, Graphileon
Purpose-built applications for specific domains and graph visualization needs
Support multiple graph models and sources
Customization and integration capable
For data analysts, data scientists and business users
Little technical expertise
Most technically involved
Smaller user scale
Larger user scale
Self-guided, low curation
Highly guided and curated
3

Perspective
Search
Visualize
Explore
Inspect
Edit
Explore & Collaborate with Neo4j Bloom
Explore Graphs Visually
Prototype Concepts Faster
Collaborate Across Teams
Business views relevant to analysts for ad-hoc visual graph exploration
Codeless “Search first” experience
GPU-accelerated graph views with 1000s of nodes and relationships
Out-of-the-box with Neo4j Desktop or deploy as add-on to the Neo4j Server
Use to quickly prototype projects and collaborate between developers and business stakeholders


Neo4j Bloom’s Intuitive User Interface
Search with type-ahead suggestions

Flexible Color, Size and Icon schemes

Visualize, Explore and Discover

Pan, Zoom and Select

Property Browser and editor

What’s New in Bloom 1.2
Flexible colors and sizes
Style using properties
Expand by relationship or neighbor type
Case insensitive search
Specify parameter types
Export csv data

0:01 - In Bloom, you begin by searching on graph patterns.
0:14 - You can see individual nodes and their relationships.
0:25 - You can search using properties.
0:33 - There are many ways of styling the results, here are a couple of examples of using the presence of a label to color nodes differently.
0:57 - You can see how things are connected by exploring paths. Here we are finding the shortest path between 2 nodes.
1:09 - But you can also expand paths from a node based on relationship types or its neighbors.
1:20 - When you find insights, you can export the data so it can be used in another place or shared with other people.
This was a really short and fast video. I recommend you try out the latest Bloom 1.2 has to offer.



Linkurious demo

Some sort of comparative between solutions?
features  specific to certain products/versions?
Geolocation
Time travel slider


Linkurious Geolocation

Linkurious customized with OGMA

OGMA custom projection

Linkurious time-filtering
Filter out irrelevant periods,
Get a better understanding of a sequence of events
All while getting extra information about how data is distributed over time.


Thank you
